Add information on changing Grafana password (#1806)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/specialized-guides/pages/salt/salt-formula-monitoring.adoc

.Procedure: Configuring the Grafana Formula
. Navigate to the menu:Formulas[Grafana] tab, and set these parameters in the [guimenu]``Grafana`` section:
* Check the [guimenu]``Enabled`` box to enable Grafana visualizations.

> [NOTE]
> ====
> ``Initial admin password`` is used on the first run only and Grafana UI prompts to change it.
> This field cannot be used to change admin password. For information on how to change the password please check
> xref:administration:pages/monitoring.adoc[]
> ====

Reviewer: I guess we need the `+` connector here (to be verified).

```suggestion
+
[NOTE]
====
[guimenu]``Initial admin password`` is used on the first run only, and Grafana UI prompts to change it.
This field cannot be used to change the Grafana password.
For more information on how to change the password, see
xref:administration:pages/monitoring.adoc[].
====
```
